---
date: 2023-07-06
---

import * as links from "@site/src/components/links.js"

This version of Wasmbox upgrades to `Wasmtime v10.0.0`.

### Asynchronous Execution!

This version of Wasmbox introduces a major new feature; [**async execution**](/advanced/asyncify).

<!--truncate-->

Clicking the new "asyncify" checkbox [on the importer](/reference/editor/import/#3-transformation) will automatically transform the imported WASM code to support async execution. This allows executing code to be suspended in one frame and resumed on another frame, or even moved to the Unity job system so that it executes on another thread.

:::tip

Check out the two new demo scenes, [`async demo`](/getting_started/demos/async) and [`async jobs demo`](/getting_started/demos/async_job), to see how to use this powerful feature!

:::

### Importer Speedup

In previous versions of Wasmbox importing `.wasm` and `.wat` files could be quite slow, around 30 seconds per file. Once you have a large collection of `.wasm`/`.wat` files in your project (for example our test project has over 100 wasm files) a full reimport could take a _very_ long time! This has now been fixed - imports are around **100x faster** for most files in this version.

### Feedback

Wasmbox is very new, so it is likely you will encounter bugs, awkward APIs or missing features. Please direct feedback to <links.Discord /> or the <links.IssueTracker />.

<!--truncate-->

## Features 🚀

 - Wasmtime [v10.0.0](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/blob/main/RELEASES.md#1000)
 - Wasmtime-dotnet [v10.0.0](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime-dotnet/releases/tag/v10.0.0)
 - Added support for async execution of WASM (suspend/resume)
  - Suspended code can be moved to a job to execute off the main thread

## Bugfixes 🐛

 - Fixed player build not compiling on some platforms.
 - Vast improvement to WAT/WASM file importer speed (100x or more)
 